Abacus (n.) A table or tray strewn with sand, anciently used for drawing, calculating, etc.
Abacus (n.) A calculating table or frame; an instrument for performing arithmetical calculations by balls sliding on wires, or counters in grooves, the lowest line representing units, the second line, tens, etc. It is still employed in China.
Abacus (n.) The uppermost member or division of the capital of a column, immediately under the architrave. See Column.
Abacus (n.) A tablet, panel, or compartment in ornamented or mosaic work.
Abacus (n.) A board, tray, or table, divided into perforated compartments, for holding cups, bottles, or the like; a kind of cupboard, buffet, or sideboard.
Abada (n.) The rhinoceros.
Abaddon (n.) The destroyer, or angel of the bottomless pit; -- the same as Apollyon and Asmodeus.
Abaddon (n.) Hell; the bottomless pit.
Abaft (prep.) Behind; toward the stern from; as, abaft the wheelhouse.
Abaft (adv.) Toward the stern; aft; as, to go abaft.
Abaisance (n.) Obeisance.
Abaiser (n.) Ivory black or animal charcoal.
Abaist (p. p.) Abashed; confounded; discomfited.
Abalienate (v. t.) To transfer the title of from one to another; to alienate.
Abalienate (v. t.) To estrange; to withdraw.
Abalienate (v. t.) To cause alienation of (mind).
Abalienation (n.) The act of abalienating; alienation; estrangement.
Abalone (n.) A univalve mollusk of the genus Haliotis. The shell is lined with mother-of-pearl, and used for ornamental purposes; the sea-ear. Several large species are found on the coast of California, clinging closely to the rocks.
Aband (v. t.) To abandon.
Aband (v. t.) To banish; to expel.
Abandoned (imp. & p. p.) of Abandon
Abandoning (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Abandon
Abandon (v. t.) To cast or drive out; to banish; to expel; to reject.
Abandon (v. t.) To give up absolutely; to forsake entirely ; to renounce utterly; to relinquish all connection with or concern on; to desert, as a person to whom one owes allegiance or fidelity; to quit; to surrender.
Abandon (v. t.) Reflexively: To give (one's self) up without attempt at self-control; to yield (one's self) unrestrainedly; -- often in a bad sense.
Abandon (v. t.) To relinquish all claim to; -- used when an insured person gives up to underwriters all claim to the property covered by a policy, which may remain after loss or damage by a peril insured against.
Abandon (v.) Abandonment; relinquishment.
Abandon (n.) A complete giving up to natural impulses; freedom from artificial constraint; careless freedom or ease.
Abandoned (a.) Forsaken, deserted.
Abandoned (a.) Self-abandoned, or given up to vice; extremely wicked, or sinning without restraint; irreclaimably wicked ; as, an abandoned villain.
